We think of God, pray-read, have fellowship,
and we meditate, ponder, and seek God.
Living in God’s words, we see He is lovely.
The truth frees us; we taste God’s real love.
Church life is great; praise takes many forms.
We can’t help but sing and dance in God’s praise.
There are no rules or restraints in our praise.
Sincere praise makes us joyful always.
Life in God’s presence brings true happiness,
we will love and obey God forever.
Seeing the greatness of God’s salvation,
we praise God with an undivided heart.
We fellowship truth, gain Holy Spirit’s work,
we share experiences, our life grows.
We are all the people of God’s kingdom,
and we all possess true hearts that love Him.
We perform our duty with one mind, heart,
and we see God’s blessings and leadership.
Judgment cleanses us, we see God is righteous.
We cast off our corruption, made anew.
We live out the likeness of honest men.
It’s kingdom’s life to worship God in spirit and truth.
Life in God’s presence brings true happiness,
we will love and obey God forever.
Seeing the greatness of God’s salvation,
we praise God with an undivided heart.
Brothers, sisters gather together,
we have gone through so many ups and downs.
The government’s suppression is so vile,
persecution and hardships we’ve suffered.
Nothing has ever shaken our resolve.
This is due to the guidance of God’s words.
The painstaking price which God has paid
for our salvation cannot be measured.
God lives amongst us, guiding us always.
This beautiful time, life, are so treasured.
Life in God’s presence brings true happiness,
we will love and obey God forever.
Seeing the greatness of God’s salvation,
we praise God with an undivided heart.
Life in God’s presence brings true happiness,
we will love and obey God forever.
Seeing the greatness of God’s salvation,
we praise God with an undivided heart,
we praise God with an undivided heart.
from Follow the Lamb and Sing New Songs